NMS-13528: Move notification command docs into reference section (#3631)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/notifications/getting-started.adoc

. Log in to the web UI as a user with administrator privileges.
. Click the gear icon in the top right, and under *Event Mangement* choose *Configure Notifications>Configure Path Outages*.
. Type the critical path IP address, select a critical path service, and click *Next*.

== Additional notification methods

> Horizon includes newer notification methods that currently require manual steps to activate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} includes newer notification methods that currently require manual steps to activate.
```

> See xref:reference:configuration/notifications/command/mattermost.adoc[Mattermost] and xref:reference:configuration/notifications/command/slack.adoc[Slack] notifications for how to configure for these methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:reference:configuration/notifications/commands/mattermost.adoc[Mattermost] and xref:reference:configuration/notifications/commands/slack.adoc[Slack] notifications for how to configure for these methods.
```
